fix(MultiSelect): Improve accessibility for component. (#2344)
cengage/react-magma: .changeset/fix-MultiSelect-update-label-annoucement.md

---
'react-magma-dom': patch
---

> fix(MultiSelect): Add prevented the clear button’s label from being announced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix(Combobox): Prevent the clear button’s label from being announced.
```
